new section in readme about hhl clon clat (#4)
MeteoSwiss/opendata-forecast-data: README.md

Since the provided data is given in the native grid, note that the grid points correspond to the **center of the circumcircle of each triangle** and **not** to the vertices. Therefore, the longitude and latitude are based in the middle of each triangle on the grid mentioned before. For more detailed information on
the horizontal grid, read section 2.1 in [Working with the ICON Model](https://www.dwd.de/DE/leistungen/nwv_icon_tutorial/pdf_einzelbaende/icon_tutorial2024.pdf?__blob=publicationFile&v=3).

> ### 2.5 Static Files

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### 2.5 Accessing Static Grid Information: Height, Longitude, and Latitude
```

> Besides the current forecasting files, each catalog contains two static files. They store permanent information about the halve levels (HHL) of the vertical grid and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Besides the current forecasting files, each catalog contains two static files. They store permanent information about the height of the half levels (HHL) in the vertical grid and
```

> the center points of each triangle (CLON/CLAT) on the horizontal grid. Note that the forecasting GRIB files contain no information on height, longitude and latitude. They have to be determined via the statc files HHL and CLON/CLAT.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the center point coordinates of each triangle (CLON/CLAT) on the horizontal grid. Note that the forecasting GRIB files contain no information on height, longitude and latitude. They have to be determined via the static files HHL and CLON/CLAT.
```

#### 2.5.1 How to access the height of a grid point

In the static HHL file one can obtain the height of the half levels of the vertical grid in meters above see level. In order to point a value from the data file of a wanted parameter to a specific height, follow the steps below.

> - Check if the `UUID` of the data file and the HHL file match.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Check if the `UUID` (Universally Unique Identifier) of the data file and the HHL file match.
```

- Then, use the `scaledValueOfFirstFixedSurface` value to retrieve the height in meter above see level of the HHL file.

#### 2.5.2 How to access the longitude and latitude of a grid point

> The CLON/CLAT file stores the longitude and latitude of the center points of each triangle on the horizontal grid. When opening a data set in a jupyter nootbook the load function includes fetching the CLON/CLAT values. To retrieve CLON/CLAT without a python environment, see section 2.7.

Reviewer: We don't know yet whether the `load` function will keep this name, so we'll need to come back to this part

Author: Meanig you want to delete it until we konw more or leave it until we know more?

Reviewer: I would add a work in progress note:

And a noticed a small typo for **jupyter notebook**.
```suggestion
The CLON/CLAT file stores the longitude and latitude of the center points of each triangle on the horizontal grid.
### 🚧  **Temporary Notice Work in Progress **  
When opening a data set in a jupyter notebook the load function includes fetching the CLON/CLAT values. To retrieve CLON/CLAT without a python environment, see section 2.7.
```
